( announcer )
Previously on "Yu-Gi-Oh"...
Who are you ?
And what do you want
from me anyway ?
The name's Crump, former
accountant of Kaiba Corp.
I'm one of the
Big Five !
There's a 100% chance that
we're going to duel !
Winner gets to leave this world,
loser is trapped here forever.
Looks like my
iceberg dueling field
is about to
leave you cold !
As per the new rules, it's time
to choose your Deck Master.
Dark Magician Girl's my Deck
Master, who's yours ?
I've already taken
the form of a monster
known as Nightmare Penguin,
you fool !
Time to duel,
shorty !
We won our duel,
but I sense a whole
new game has just begun.
Téa needs our
help right now.
We have to find
what part of this
virtual world Noah
sent her to !
Attack,
mighty Sea snake !
My life points !
As each duelist's
life points decrease,
his or her body
will become encased
in a block of
solid ice !
Your mind will be frozen stiff
until the end of time !
♪
♪ Your move ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh is king of games ♪
♪ It's time to duel ♪
♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh ♪
( Mokuba )
I wonder if these virtual
berries have any taste.
I feel like I haven't
eaten in months.
Hey, do you think anyone's
serving food in that shack ?
I doubt it.
Hmmm... a house in
the middle of the woods ?
This seems a little
too convenient... !
( Mokuba )
You think it's another one
of Noah's virtual traps ?
Just let me open it and stay
right next to me, Mokuba.
What ?
Hold on !
It's our stepfather's
old house !
Another blast
from our past !
Look !
It's a virtual projection
of our first day in this house !
That's right !
It's the day Gozaburo took
us home from the orphanage !
And it was
no picnic !
( professor )
Now, if a train from Boston is
traveling at 180 miles per hour
and a train from New York is
traveling at the same speed...
( Hobson )
Wake up !
I sincerely
apologize for
interrupting your
lesson, professor.
But it seems young
Seto was more
concerned with the
backs of his eyelids.
Continue.
I have strict orders.
My boss has no
patience for slackers.
What ?
I don't slack !
( stepfather )
I hear you're falling
behind in your studies...
... so you'll no
longer have the
weekends off starting
immediately.
But... I've been
working so hard !
Not hard enough !
You must have
discipline, Seto.
It's the only way
to crush your enemies !
But I don't
have enemies !
Of course you do !
You're just not
aware of them yet !
You have to learn
that you can
trust no
one at all !
Including me !
Hobson !
Confiscate Seto's toys
immediately.
Yes, sir.
Maybe now you'll
concentrate on
your studies instead
of wasting your brain away !
( Hobson )
Well, that ought to do it...
It's for your own good.
Your stepfather's
a very wise man and
I think he knows
what's best for you.
So I'd advise you
not to disappoint him.
The way they
treat Seto stinks !
But I know how to
make him smile !
( Mukuba )
Well, here goes.
'Scuse me.
Hey, back to bed.
Okay, but first I gotta give
Seto his textbook back...
You heard dad !
Gotta study,
study, study !
If I see one more textbook,
I think I'm gonna barf !
( Hobson )
Sleeping ?
Already ?
You still have one more
lesson left tonight.
And you left this
textbook behind.
If I were you, I'd be more
careful next time.
Whatever you
say, Hobson.
Your next lesson's
in one hour.
( Seto )
I can't take this !
( Mokuba )
Dear Seto...
I guess you found
my hiding place.
Remember, big bro, they can't
take away everything from us.
So enjoy my gift,
but don't let them find it !
Love, Mokie.
Thanks, Bro.
My Duel Monsters cards !
Well, they're not the greatest
cards but they're mine !
A Blue-Eyes
White Dragon ?
Mokuba made me
a Blue Eyes card.
One day, I know I'll have
the real thing in my deck.
Just wait.
A good show by
the Kaiba boys.
That trip down memory
lane really
pulls at the heart strings,
doesn't it ?
( Steo )
Noah !
We've had enough of your
sick and twisted games !
Why, the game's
only just begun.
So get ready
to relive every
painful moment of
your entire lives !
What ?
It's gonna be
a very bumpy ride...
Look, kid.
What do you expect
to gain from this ?
Everything that
should have been
mine from the
beginning !
( Yugi )
This game's
pretty easy.
The stars above
each door represent the
strength of the
monster behind that door.
Beat the monster
and get through !
( Yumi )
There's a clue
we're missing.
But what
can it be ?
I know !
Maybe the stars represent
more than just
the power level of
the monsters !
But what, Yugi ?
Well what if, they're like,
directions for us !
Yeah !
Through the one-star
door first, then the two,
then the three,
then the four !
Yes, and the reason you
and I have been traveling
around in circles
is because we've only been
choosing to battle
against the
monsters that
have one star.
Well, let's try
this door !
So now I play
Obnoxious Celtic Guardian !
Attack !
Well done !
Now, let's go through
and find Téa !
( Téa )
A bit brisk,
isn't it ?
I can't even
f-feel my toes !
Advantage number 204
of being a penguin !
We have thermo-insulated
flipper feet !
Now let's get back
to business, shall we ?
( Dark Magician Girl )
Be strong.
All right, let's
do this !
Good.
The sooner you make
your move the sooner
I can freeze you over
and win this duel.
You're already
knee-deep in ice !
And the worst is
yet to come, my dear !
My all-powerful
flying penguin is ready
to soar straight through your
puny defense !
No !
If his Flying Penguin attacks
I'll be wide open !
And if I place you on the
playing field to defend me,
then he'll just
destroy you !
So very true.
And if your Deck Master is
destroyed, well, then you
automatically lose
the duel, my dear !
I'll place one monster
face down in
defense mode and then
I'll end my turn, Crump !
An extremely desperate move for
an extremely desperate girl !
And my hand continues to
grow more powerful !
And now, take this !
Flying Penguin attack !
Ha !
There goes your
facedown card !
Now you're back where
you started !
Not quite !
You revealed my Skelengel which
lets me draw one new card !
Magic Formula, this may
come in handy.
I ran the numbers and
you've run out of luck,
so play whatever pathetic
cards you'd like,
'cause it's only a matter
of time before you're frozen
here forever, or my name isn't
Adrienne Randolph Crump III.
A master in the art of Number
crunching, I must say,
and best dressed
penguin in the world !
You are a weird
little bird, Crump !
And I'm in the mood
for a barbecue !
What's this ?
Maha Vailo ?
No, he's not
powerful enough !
There's no way he'll
beat Flying Penguin !
( Dark Magician Girl )
Téa, don't give
up so fast.
He has a secret skill
that can help you !
Huh ?
What kind of
a skill ?
Hold on !
I remember this !
Yugi once told me
about this card !
You wanna know which card
is most like me ?
Wait, I know.
Well, I think I know.
It's that purple guy with
the big hat, right ?
Uh, big hat ?
Oh, you mean my
Dark Magician card.
Well, even though
it's pretty great,
I don't think it's the
card that's most like me.
Okay.
Ah !
This is the one !
Pretty cool, right ?
Maha Vailo ?
He may not be as strong
as the Dark Magician, well,
not when you first look
at him anyway.
But if you look
closer, you'll see
a hidden power
deep inside !
Of course !
It's hidden strength !
I'm not done yet !
Now I summon Maha Vailo
in attack mode !
That's weak !
Wait, I'm not done !
Check this out !
I activate
Magic Formula,
raising my monster's
attack points by 500 !
You must have failed all of your
math courses, kid, because it's
still too short on attack points
to defeat my Flying Penguin !
I guess you don't know about
Maha Vailo's hidden power !
He gets 500 extra attack points
for each one of my magic cards !
No fair !
Oh, it's fair.
Go, Maha Vailo !
Attack his Flying Penguin
with Sacred Lightning !
Add this up, Crump !
Extra Crispy Fried
Penguin, anyone ?
We're safe, at
least for now.
( Téa )
I'm f-f-freezing !
I don't know how much longer
I can last out here !
We're getting close.
Yeah, Téa's getting louder !
( Yugi )
Time is running out.
Yami and I have to defeat more
of Noah's monsters so we can
get through this
virtual maze and find
Téa before it's
too late !
I see another set
of doors ahead !
We need the
three-star door !
( Yami )
There it is !
Yes !
Swift Gaia,
the Fierce Knight, attack !
No, stop the attack !
It's too late !
Gaia !
That door has been
equipped with a trap card !
Look more closely.
Right under the stars !
Three facedown cards !
Of course !
Then that blast had to be
a Mirror Force trap card !
So try again.
Here goes !
I summon Gazelle !
( Yami )
It looks like Dark King of the
Abyss, a weaker monster.
Awesome !
Say goodbye !
No, wait !
Another facedown card
is being activated !
Now it's stronger !
Then I summon
Berfomet !
Then I'll use this !
Polymerization...
fuse them together !
To form Chimera !
Now attack,
my Mythical Beast !
Yes !
Let's go !
Now where's that
four-star monster ?
There it is !
Patience, Yugi.
You must be
very careful.
This door has been
equipped with five cards !
Noah could have hidden just
about anything behind that door.
And you're low on cards,
so choose wisely !
You're right !
I only have
a few cards left !
Defeating a four
star monster plus
four facedown cards
is no easy task.
This may do it !
No, you mustn't play Dark
Magician yet !
Okay.
Then how 'bout
the Heavy Storm magic card ?
It destroys all
magic and trap cards !
Nice work.
Now his monster
stands alone !
With no facedown
cards to protect it !
Destroy it, Yugi.
4-Starred Ladybug
Of Doom should do the trick !
It may seem weak,
but watch this !
It automatically destroys
all 4-star monsters !
Oh yeah !
Excellent move.
Thanks !
It's a good thing
I had that little
critter stashed
in my deck!
This could be
the last door !
Come on !
Téa !
This doesn't look good !
Don't worry, Téa !
Stay strong !
I'm right here for you !
All right, then
I play Bolt Penguin !
In defense mode !
And as an extra precaution,
I'll play one card face down !
Your little turkey
only has 800 defense points !
I can stuff it and
roast it with one blast !
So stand back, Crump !
Maha Vailo, attack his
bolt penguin now !
All my calculations
were right on the money !
Now I activate...
Revenge sacrifice !
Goodbye, Maha Vailo !
No !
Not him !
Revenge Sacrifice
destroys the card
you used to attack
my monster !
And now I'll defend
myself with this monster !
The impenetrable
Defender Iceberg !
Check that out.
It's like
a giant ice cube !
Yes, a giant ice cube
with 2450 defense points !
You'll never
get past that !
And don't think
I'm done !
I'll place this face down,
and summon Penguin Torpedo !
This little bird is
a real blast, kid !
Especially when my Deck Master
ability gives it a boost !
I almost forgot.
It can attack your
life points directly !
Téa !
And since you lost
a chunk of life points,
you gain another
chunk of ice !
Yes, it's quite chilling,
isn't it ?
L-L-Look Crump...
I'm not out yet !
( Téa )
These two cards
won't help !
I'm out of moves !
( Dark Magician Girl )
There is one thing
you can do, Téa.
Move me onto
the playing field.
Trust me.
It's your last hope !
I guess I have
nothing to lose.
I move Dark Magician Girl
to the field !
Don't you realize if your Deck
Master is destroyed, you lose ?
You must have a pathetic
hand to make that move !
Now watch and learn !
I activate
Ocean Of Regeneration
and bring back my old friend,
Penguin Torpedo !
This magic card allows me to
bring any water monster back
from my graveyard
for one turn !
Penguin Torpedo, attack her
life points directly again !
No !
Suddenly, I'm in the mood
for a tall glass of Iced Téa !
Soon I'll return to the real
world as a free bird !
Leave her alone !
Téa !
If she loses this duel
she'll be trapped here !
But it's not fair !
She's not experienced enough !
And she's losing badly.
Téa can win, Yugi.
By trusting herself
and believing
in the heart
of the cards !
( Téa )
I'm down to my
last few life points.
And my Dark Magician Girl
isn't strong
enough to get
past his defense.
Plus, since she's
my Deck Master,
if she's destroyed
I automatically lose !
( Dark Magician Girl )
Téa, there is one card in your
deck that can save us.
It's the first
card you picked.
( Téa )
Wait...
... is it the
Sage's Stone magic card ?
( Dark Magician Girl )
Yes, Téa.
That's the card you
need to draw !
But, it could be at the bottom
of my deck for all I know !
I will help you
draw this card.
To do this, I must first invoke
my Deck Master special ability
to call upon every monster
in your graveyard, Téa !
Behold !
Dark Magic Energies !
Please hear my call !
Enter our graveyard and
revive the monsters within !
What's going on ?
( Dark Magician Girl )
Téa, I have formed
a Soul Circle with the
four monsters in your card
graveyard.
This allows you to
draw four new cards.
The rest is up to you.
( Téa )
Let's see.
Did I draw the
card I need ?
Yes !
There it is !
Now to...ugh - play it !
Ugh, stupid ice !
There !
Did it !
So what exactly
does this card do ?
( Yugi )
What's up with
my duel disc ?
Whoa.
My Dark Magician !
But how was he summoned ?
Dark magician ?
I have no idea where he came
from, but I am not complaining !
What ?
My calculations assured me
that I would win this duel !
This just doesn't
add up at all !
The power of the Sage's Stone
magic card bestows upon me the
unique ability to call forth
the Dark Magician
from any nearby
player's deck !
What ?
It can't be !
Double Dark Magic Attack !
( yelling )
( Dark Magician Girl )
Our task is complete.
Whoa, I won.
( Yugi )
Téa, can you
hear me ?
Téa !
You did it !
Yugi, I was almost
a human ice pop !
I'm so glad
to see you !
Me too, Téa.
And now that we're together,
I promise it'll stay that way.
How cute.
Little do they realize
I'm just getting warmed up.
Fools !
They'll never escape
my virtual universe !
Never !